And I'd do it again! And perhaps a third time! But that would be it. I decline the title of Iron Cook and accept the lesser title of Zinc Saucier, which I just made up. Uhh… also, comes with double prize money.

But, like most politicians, he promised more than he could deliver. That's not soon enough! It doesn't look so shiny to me. No, just a regular mistake.

I barely knew Philip, but as a clergyman I have no problem telling his most intimate friends all about him. In our darkest hour, we can stand erect, with proud upthrust bosoms. I never loved you. Who am I making this out to?

Oh, how I wish I could believe or understand that! There's only one reasonable course of action now: kill Flexo! Hello Morbo, how's the family? Then we'll go with that data file! I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesn't make sense.

Ven ve voke up, ve had zese wodies. And until then, I can never die? This is the worst kind of discrimination: the kind against me! I can explain. It's very valuable.

Yeah, and if you were the pope they'd be all, "Straighten your pope hat." And "Put on your good vestments." Look, everyone wants to be like Germany, but do we really have the pure strength of 'will'? Really?!

Would you censor the Venus de Venus just because you can see her spewers? I was having the most wonderful dream. Except you were there, and you were there, and you were there! Leela's gonna kill me. Shut up and take my money!

Isn't it true that you have been paid for your testimony? Yes, except the Dave Matthews Band doesn't rock. You can crush me but you can't crush my spirit! How much did you make me? I barely knew Philip, but as a clergyman I have no problem telling his most intimate friends all about him.

Well, then good news! It's a suppository. Alright, let's mafia things up a bit. Joey, burn down the ship. Clamps, burn down the crew. Oh, but you can. But you may have to metaphorically make a deal with the devil. And by "devil", I mean Robot Devil. And by "metaphorically", I mean get your coat.

Belligerent and numerous. We're also Santa Claus! Soon enough. THE BIG BRAIN AM WINNING AGAIN! I AM THE GREETEST! NOW I AM LEAVING EARTH, FOR NO RAISEN!

Oh right. I forgot about the battle. You don't know how to do any of those. Bender, I didn't know you liked cooking. That's so cute. We're rescuing ya. Is today's hectic lifestyle making you tense and impatient?